jleone:~/workspace $ mkdir test1
jleone:~/workspace $ mkdir test2
jleone:~/workspace $ cd test1
jleone:~/workspace/test1 $ mkdir test1a
jleone:~/workspace/test1 $ mkdir test1b
jleone:~/workspace/test1 $ cd ../test2
jleone:~/workspace/test2 $ mkdir test2a
jleone:~/workspace/test2 $ mkdir test2b
jleone:~/workspace/test2 $ cd test2b
jleone:~/workspace/test2/test2b $ pwd
/home/ubuntu/workspace/test2/test2b
jleone:~/workspace/test2/test2b $ cd ~
jleone:~ $ cd workspace/
jleone:~/workspace $ mkdir intro
jleone:~/workspace $ cd intro/
jleone:~/workspace/intro $ mkdir os
jleone:~/workspace/intro $ cd os
jleone:~/workspace/intro/os $ mkdir hw
jleone:~/workspace/intro/os $ mkdir labs
jleone:~/workspace/intro/os $ cd labs/
jleone:~/workspace/intro/os/labs $ mkdir lab01
jleone:~/workspace/intro/os/labs $ cd lab01/
jleone:~/workspace/intro/os/labs/lab01 $ vim folders.txt
jleone:~/workspace/intro/os/labs/lab01 $